Banneker 2016 Data Challenge: A Celebration of Your Newfound Python Skills
@benmontet, 2016

The rules:

You have some data. It's in a file called data.txt. You are not allowed to edit data.txt. You are allowed to use anything 
you've learned the past two weeks, anything you can find online, or anything you knew previously to write Python code 
to manipulate the data.

1) Load the data. This is a three-column text file. The data columns are time, data (whatever you want it to be), and 
uncertainty on the data measurement. Some of the data are bad (the data value are NaN) so you should mask those.

2) Plot the data. What does it look like?

You should note here that the instrument that produces these data sometimes breaks down, and in that case returns
-999.000. These numbers represent No Data, an observation wasn't really taken, so you should ignore those too.

3) Fit a line to these data.

4) What is the slope of this line? What is the y-intercept? What (does Python tell you) are the uncertainties on 
these estimates?

5) Plot the data, your line, and your uncertainities in the slope of the line. 

6) Plot the residuals to your fit. 

(For an added challenge, if you're here early try to plot steps 5 and 6 on the same plot, like Figure 4 and 5
of arxiv.org/pdf/1411.4047v2.pdf)

7) Do the error bars seem reasonable? If the noise in the data is perfectly white and Gaussian (and I promise you that
it is), you would expect 68% of the data to fall within one sigma of the best-fit, 95% within 2 sigma, and 99.7% within
3 sigma. Is that the case? What are the real numbers?

8) How much larger or smaller, if any, should the error bars be? If you know how to, try to fit for the optimal
size of the error bars. Otherwise, try to manually tweak them until they seem reasonable, following the criteria from (7).

9) Re-fit. Do the new error bars affect your estimate of the slope or intercept? What about your estimate of the uncertainties?

10) If you still have time, plot the line again, this time showing the original and new (if they're different) fits to the data
along with your uncertainties in the slope and intercept.

11) Push your results into the repository and be ready to show off your work!
